E-Waste Case Study Analysis

Step 1: Understand the Core Case
People are switching phones faster leading to more waste
Waste is toxic for environment. Landfills leach into the ground.
Glue instead of screws is making it hard to recover parts. Lots of raw material.
Phones obsolete in a small time frame.
Coal in China is making a lot of our phones.
Some companies gatekeep repair of products by using proprietary screws, parts, etc.
Capitalism pushes for more phones and more consumerism.
Refurbishing is labor intensive.
Smaller products make it harder to remove components
Electronics have toxins making it hard to recycle, manipulate electronics

Step 2: Identify the Core Problem
Until phones last longer, how can producers and consumers deal with e waste?
Repair monopolies


Step 3: Analyze Alternative Solutions
Right to repair. Producers should give consumers more information on how to fix their devices.
Consumers make replacement parts.
Makes things more modular
Legislation requiring companies to have more repair resources, replacement and modular parts.
Nonprofits can take old electronics and repurpose instead of them going into landfills.
Produce longer lasting phones and products.
Make retro phones cool to promote less consumerism and decreasing demand and discouraging producers from making more products.
Using more recyclable devices by working with refurbishing and recycling electronic companies
Buy refurbished devices.
Make giant machines to shred and recycle electronics
Give products to third world countries and people in need of electronics.
Target manufacturers (ie China, Taiwan and South Korea) and encourage them to coordinate with their clients to make more modular devices that can more easily be taken apart.

Step 4: Propose Most Effective Solutions
Target manufacturers (ie China, Taiwan and South Korea) and encourage them to coordinate with their clients to make more modular devices that can more easily be taken apart.
Using more recyclable devices by working with refurbishing and recycling electronic companies.
Buy refurbished devices.
Give products to third world countries and people in need of electronics.
Mindset shift toward sevice rather than money bottom line

Step 5: Defend Your Stance


Note:
Understanding why helps you find the solution
